Add exercise to review and adjust watch settings (#383)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/collaborating-newcomers.md

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

> :::::: challenge
> 
> ## Exercise: Set Notifications for Your Lesson Repository
> 
> Review the notification setting on your lesson repository and make sure that it is set to
> `All Activity`. 
> 
> This is to allow you to review the level of communication you will be receiving about activities in 
> the repository and to make sure you initially do not miss out on any changes/events.
> As the time progresses, feel free to revisit this setting to adjust the level of notifications 
> to the right level for you.
> 
> ::: solution
> 
> From the action buttons at the top on your lesson repository's landing page, 
> click the `Unwatch` button to review your current notification (aka "watch") level settings from the 
> dropdown menu.
> If not already selected, please make sure to select the `All Activity` option to start 
> receiving notifications about all activities in this repository. 
> 
> ![GitHub's different notification settings when watching repository events with 'All Activity' highlighted](fig/github-watch-settings.png){
> alt="GitHub's different notification settings when watching repository events with 'All Activity' highlighted"
> }
> 
> Note that this button may read `Watch` if you have never subscribed to receive notifications from 
> a repository - but as a collaborator you will at least be automatically be subscribed to updates 
> and receive notifications when you are participating in a discussion thread or are @mentioned by 
> your GitHub or team name. 
> :::
> 
> ::::::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::::: callout

## Notifications for Your Lesson Repository

As a collaborator with edit access to the repository, your notification settings on the lesson repository should already be set to `All Activity`. 

You can review the level of communication you will be receiving about activities in the repository by clicking the 'Unwatch' button on your repository homepage: the dropdown menu will show you a range of options for the different kinds of events that you will be notified about on the repository. 'All Activity' is a great choice to begin with because it will ensure that you do not miss out on any changes/events.

As the time progresses, feel free to revisit this setting to adjust the level of notifications to the right level for you.

![GitHub's different notification settings when watching repository events with 'All Activity' highlighted](fig/github-watch-settings.png){
alt="GitHub's different notification settings when watching repository events with 'All Activity' highlighted"
}

::::::
```
